---
layout: post
title:  "Coke Studio Season 1"
date:   2015-08-30
categories:
---
Tore Naina Le gaye chaina, Balaman! Jagta Chand bhi, so gaya, kho gaya!
Tare Toote hue hain, apne roothe hue hain, saare mere liye rog hain!
Describes the state of restlessness. what a start to Coke studio, I
started listening to coke studio properly with this song. Although I had
already heard some songs but I had not followed Coke studio before.
Every now and then one friend or another would suggest me a song from
Coke studio, I 'd hear it, will keep listening to it for days to come.
All these random suggestions inspired me to follow and listen to coke
studio properly. And I am NOT talking about Coke Studio India
(officially Coke Studio @ MTV). I am just another Coke Studio Fan.

I would write about the songs that I like most and with every season I
would give a list of songs from that season that you must have in your
playlist. I am no music critique, nor I have any exposure to zenith of
technicalities people those who write such music have, I am just a follower.

If you like my writing, read, else listen to your favorites song from coke studio, afterall we all love coke studio.

They have done some experiments in Gallan, but sounds immature. It
sounds just like one time pleasure. Ek, do, teen, char. As much as I
liked the first song, Balaman, I did not like this second one. In fact,
by the first time I finished listening to Season1, I had heard Balaman 7
times, and Gallan, just once. And that too for the sake of it. Similar
is the scene of Paheliyan. Both these songs lack solid lyrical backbone
which makes coke studio songs as impactful as they are. Moreover,
experiments with voice rendition do not sound successful as well. As I
am listening to Gallan, I am reminded of Teriyaan Tu jaane. And somehow
that song happens to be a Coke Studio India song. 
